[Merl 513] Add faustwp-core and faustwp-cli packages (#1043)
wpengine/faustjs: packages/faustwp-core/DEVELOPMENT.md

# Contributing

There are many ways to [contribute](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) to this project.

- [Discuss open issues](https://github.com/faustjs/issues) to help define the future of the project.
- [Submit bugs](https://github.com/wpengine/faustjs/issues) and help us verify fixes as they are checked in.
- Review and discuss the [source code changes](https://github.com/wpengine/faustjs/pulls).
- [Contribute bug fixes](../../CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Project Structure

- `/packages/faustwp-core` - Faust
- `/packages/faustwp-core/components` - Faust Components
- `/packages/faustwp-core/queries` - Faust Queries

### NPM Packages

NPM packages are managed from the project root using [Workspaces](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/using-npm/workspaces). To get started, run:

1. `npm install`
2. `npm run dev`

The local copy of each package is automatically symlinked in `node_modules` when running `npm install` from the project root. Likewise, each package is automatically built when running `npm run dev`.

When switching git branch, run `npm run clean` from the root and then re-run `npm run dev`.

### 1. Setup

> 1. Create the following `.env.local` in the `packages/faustwp-core` root and replace the ``NEXT_PUBLIC_GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT`` with your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the following `.env.local` in the `packages/faustwp-core` root and replace the `NEXT_PUBLIC_WORDPRESS_URL` with your own.
```

```
# GraphQL Endpoint

> NEXT_PUBLIC_GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT=http://headless.local/graphql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEXT_PUBLIC_WORDPRESS_URL=http://headless.local
```

Reviewer: NEXT_PUBLIC_WORDPRESS_URL no longer requires appending `/graphql`
